a man walks into a bar with a slab of
asphalt under his arm he says I'll have
one beer and one for the road how long
are net specimens today I'm very
festively dressed and my makeup is just
clashing with this necklace if you're
wondering why I got so pretty dandole up
in my dark red lipstick which is my
favorite to wear Oh fall is coming
winter is coming that is my favorite
season of the year by far I love the
cold weather and this is my favorite
type of look to go for you can't see it
but I'm wearing a dress I don't know why
I just scooch down of the frame so since
i am so elegantly dressed i figured
right now would probably a nice time to
make a video i've been planning to make
for a long time which is my favorite
books for the coming into the fall
indoor winter seasons these aren't books
that are necessarily set in the winter
although that is predominantly what it
shows them but i think they'd be good
reads for never snowing or it's cold or
you're stuck inside on a very cold day
vice versa I just loved all of these and
I recommend them especially in the cold
weather the first book is from a series
that I'm sure ton of people have read
them gonna recommend anyway it's shimmer
by Maggie Stiefvater and this is
completed trilogy and I love this I know
this has a lot of mixed reviews but I
think it was very good I loved the main
characters I haven't read this in like
two years but I need to reread it cuz I
remember loving it it's just a nice
werewolf type story but it's not like so
fantastical it's just it's an urban
fiction so it's not like inundated with
villains have different genres of human
it's very action-packed and there's also
a really nice love story within it so I
just figured anyone who's wanted to sit
down and
a little cutesy time with herself can
enjoy some shiver by maybe Steve water
the next book is between shades of grey
by root aceptas subpoenas uh this is a
book based around an event that is
pretty much like the Holocaust I think
it was my really fast i think it's just
anybody would enjoy this to really any
season this would be relevant but i
think you would be super empathetic if
it was during the cold while you read
this so this is a definite
recommendation no matter what season it
is but I do highly recommend that this
ball he picked this up if you have not
already this book already has a ton of
hype it's been out for a long time I
think most people on booktube have read
it or at least only or I hope have heard
of it it is thirteen reasons why by jay
asher this is probably one of the first
books that i ever like not read but i'd
heard of in the teen world of book
agenus it's definitely a very
prestigious by super fast this whole
book takes place in a span of like three
days so it's event after event after
event after event and it's just perfect
and it goes by like i said very quickly
again just a night by the fire this
would be a perfect breed it's a tiny bit
heavy on the material just because it is
about a girl's suicide but i love this
book so much i know a ton of people of
this book I highly recommend it this
next book is the reason why I made this
video because I knew this book was
perfect for reading in the wintertime
it's dashi Lily's book of dares this
takes place in the winter and as you can
tell this like snow and stuff on the
cover and i loved this so much I read
this in the spring i wish i would have
read it in the winter it's so funny it's
just so cute it like if you read this
drink christmas break you will not
regret it because it is just so wintery
cute overall if you're going to read
anything in the winter at least read
this i'm probably gonna reread this come
to
I loved it so much it is very sure it is
really entertaining it's hilarious David
Levithan is a genius and I can't have
enough good things to say about this
book next book is before I fall by
Lauren Oliver this is war Oliver's other
book that's not in the Delirium series
it's a standalone this book is a bit of
a thicker book but it also takes place
around februari so it is a bit cold in
the book I'm just I swear I just chose
book that are from cold I thought it was
very capturing the writing style was
enticing I love Lauren Oliver so much in
this book to not let me down the
characters were amazing the setting was
great and overall the plot was just so
interesting I'm sure this could be a
nice fall break read I loved it lastly
is a book that I think takes place more
in the springtime in the fall but I
still like it a ton and I'm going to
recommend that this is catalyst with
laurie halse anderson i rarely hear
about this book laurie halse anderson is
a well-known author but pretty much her
only book she ever gets recognition for
is speak but I like this book too it's
super interesting I love the characters
and everything about this book I know
it's more like i said it's set in the
springtime but it is a nice read I just
uh read it read it it's about loss and
heartbreak and moving on and just
dealing with things in the hope and all
these different things that I think are
great for the start of a new year and i
highly recommend this do you never have
heard of this or if you've never read
anything by laurie house anderson i
think this is my favorite one even
better than speak so that is all from
this video unfortunately it's very short
because i only have a handful of books
that i wanted to show you i think i've
said this like 20 times up but they
don't be really good if you
just want to sit down and read something
entertaining and fun and happy in la la
la la la so just some advice if you're
in a reading slump this fall refer back
to this video and you will be forever
thanking me because you will be on your
couch with your glass of hot cider
reading your book I'm I said sipping
your book don't drink your book I mean
mentally you can like drink in the words
but don't actually you understand I'll
see you next time thank you for watching